Clarify that audits evaluate both moderation policies and their application (#1)
rust-lang/rfc-leadership-council: text/3392-leadership-council.md

One of the mechanisms this RFC provides for checking the moderation team's actions in a privacy-preserving manner is an audit mechanism. In any case where any Council member believes moderation team actions have not followed documented policies or procedures, the Council member may decide to initiate the audit process. (In particular, they might do this in response to a report from a community member involved in a moderation situation.) This happens *in addition* to the above engagement and conversation; it is not a replacement for direct communication between the Council and the moderation team.

> In an audit, the contingent moderation team works with the moderation team to establish whether the moderation team followed documented policies and procedures. This mechanism necessarily involves the contingent moderation team using their own judgment to evaluate moderation policy, specific evidence or communications, and corresponding moderation actions or proposed actions. However, this mechanism is not intended to second-guess the actions themselves; the audit mechanism focuses on establishing whether the moderation team is acting according to its established policy and procedures, as well as evaluating those policies and procedures themselves.

Reviewer: It's important that we make it *extra* clear that this is not a mechanism for second guessing moderation policy or modifying it on the fly. This is specifically for the audit process to bring information to both the moderation team and Council on the unforeseen outcomes and unintended consequences of the policies and procedures.

We already have language that involves the Council in moderation policy creation and should ensure that the moderation team does not establish policy that has expected outcomes that are harmful:

> The moderation team has a duty to have robust policies and procedures in place. The Council provides oversight and assistance to ensure that the moderation team has those policies and procedures and that they are sufficiently robust.

To that end, perhaps something like the following would get the point across more clearly:

```suggestion
In an audit, the contingent moderation team works with the moderation team to establish whether the moderation team followed documented policies and procedures. This mechanism necessarily involves the contingent moderation team using their own judgment to evaluate moderation policy, specific evidence or communications, and corresponding moderation actions or proposed actions. However, this mechanism is not intended to second-guess the actions themselves; the audit mechanism focuses on establishing whether the moderation team is acting according to its established policy and procedures, as well as highlighting unintended negative consequences of the policies and procedures themselves.
```
